[Music]
ten bizarre things found frozen in the
ice of Antarctica Antarctica is one of
the most mysterious places on earth it's
the coldest location ever discovered
with an average temperature of negative
58 degrees Fahrenheit and an occasional
drop to as low as negative 128 point 5
degrees Fahrenheit in addition this
continent remains the least explored
beneath the ice sheet of Antarctica
there are more than 400 lakes that don't
freeze thanks to the heat of Earth's
core Antarctica has no time zones no
countries and only two ATMs and if you
think this continent isn't unique enough
let me tell you about ten mysterious and
bizarre findings that have been
discovered in the ice of Antarctica but
before you set off to explore this white
land hit the subscription button and
ring the notification bell this way
you'll be the first to learn about
updates that appear on the bright side
of life several times a day Antarctica
was cited for the first time in 1820 by
a Russian expedition since then this
land has been occupying the minds of
countless researchers and scientists how
can living beings survive in this
eternal cold what secrets does the ice
that covers the continent hide there are
numerous legends and myths surrounding
Antarctica some people believe there are
alien spaceships trapped and frozen in
the ice of this barren land others are
sure that the continent conceals the
Third Reich's secret base somewhere in
its depths there's one more legend which
says that a hidden city is safely tucked
away from human eyes under a huge icy
mass this point of view is even
supported by some scientists and they
state that Antarctica is the home of the
lost city of Atlantis according to the
legend Atlantis is a mysterious City
that was occupied by demigods this city
was first mentioned by Plato the Greek
philosopher in 360 BCE researchers still
struggle to reveal the truths about this
mysterious continent and some of the
discoveries that have come into their
hands don't make this process easier
the contrary they seemed to confuse
scientists even more 10 elongated skulls
this was a truly shocking discovery
three elongated skulls were found in
Antarctica in 2014 these skulls were the
first human remains uncovered in
Antarctica the most amazing thing about
this find was that their unusual shape
made them almost identical to elongated
skulls found in Egypt Peru and other
locations skulls got such a form due to
weird practices that were popular among
some ancient civilizations they used
different methods to extend skulls from
a young age this amazing discovery means
that there could have been some kind of
contact between African South American
and Antarctic civilizations 9 an ancient
meteorite vast plains of Antarctic ice
make meteorites stand out in stark
contrast that is probably why 90% of all
media rights found on earth are
discovered in Antarctica another reason
is that ice preserves this space debris
and protects it from corrosion for the
last 50 years people have found more
than 10,000 meteorites in Antarctica
some of them are more than 700,000 years
old one potato sized meteorite that hit
Earth in 2002 and was discovered in 2015
arrived from Mars itself disconcertingly
scientists found out that this piece of
extraterrestrial rock contained
fossilized remains of Martian microbes
as long as none of them contained the
blob I think we're good
eight ancient fossils it turns out that
dinosaurs used to live in Antarctica
since the 80s scientists have discovered
almost a ton of fossils there most of
these remains are more than 71 million
years old these fossils belong to
prehistoric birds and marine creatures
including mono sores and pleaseö sores
this means that dinosaurs lived on the
continent 70 to 200 million years ago
according to scientists this is highly
possible since the temperatures in those
days were much higher than
today on top of that during that time
period Antarctica was located in another
place in the southwestern part of the
Pacific Ocean as we know it today seven
petrified remains of an unusual animal
archeologists made another amazing
discovery in 2009 the ice of Antarctica
had been hiding the fossilized remains
of a unique creature it was the size of
a modern cat but unlike our popular pets
the animal was egg-laying it was a
distant relative of modern mammals and
this creature lived more than 250
million years ago scientists believe
that this animal migrated from
Antarctica to Southern Africa during the
period of global warming such a journey
was possible at that time since
Antarctica was then a part of the
supercontinent called Pangea six blood
waterfall and unaware onlooker might
easily believe that the Taylor glacier
is leaking blood terrifying blood-red
liquid indeed flows over the ice and
falls into the sea
luckily the origin of this water isn't
dramatic at all
this unusual waterfall contains so much
iron oxide that it makes the water look
like blood what is the source of this
phenomena a couple of miles away there's
an ice-covered Lake the salinity of the
water in this lake is four times greater
than that in the sea that's why both the
lake and the blood water fall freeze
only at a temperature of 14 degrees
Fahrenheit five drive valleys while
Antarctica is a snow-covered continent
you probably wouldn't associate it with
a lack of water
however this land is home to one of the
driest locations on our planet the Dry
Valleys this barren land was discovered
in 1903 the valleys have incredibly low
humidity and there's almost no ice or
snow covering this region this place
hasn't seen rain for more than two
million years and super strong winds are
to blame for these dry conditions the
speed of the winds frequently reaches
200 miles per hour
when they descend on the valleys the
winds heat up and evaporate snow ice and
water by the way among all Earth's
environments these conditions are
believed to be the most similar to those
on Mars that's why NASA tested Viking a
program of Mars exploration in the Dry
Valleys for 100 year old whisky two
boxes of excellent Scotch whisky were
hidden in the ice of Antarctica for more
than 100 years after archaeologists
discovered this unexpected treasure they
didn't remove it from its ice trap
immediately because they were afraid of
damaging their finding that's why they
waited for several years until all the
necessary tools were delivered to the
site only then did they manage to
extract the boxes carefully the whisky
was then defrosted from negative four
degrees Fahrenheit to 32 degrees
Fahrenheit the process took almost two
weeks it turned out that 10 bottles
survived there one century long
confinement 3 a scary creature at a
depth of 1,100 feet American
archaeologists made a truly terrifying
discovery they came across an unknown
creature that didn't resemble any other
living being known to people the length
of this creature was about 8 feet its
body was covered with protruding bones
and its jaw was retractable such a body
structure puzzled scientists to no end
today they're trying to determine the
origin of the animal its system of
nutrition and its classification to an
underground lake scientists know of
approximately 400 lakes in Antarctica it
may seem a miracle that water doesn't
freeze under a huge volume of ice but
there's an explanation for this
phenomenon due to incredible pressure
water stays liquid even when it's
temperature is below the standard
freezing point on top of that Earth's
core heats the water under the glaciers
some of the lakes are active this means
that despite all the harsh conditions
there's life inhabiting them for example
when American researchers drilled
2,300 feet of Ross glacier in 2013 they
discovered an underground lake the
scientists managed to extract samples of
water from this lake it turned out that
under a massive layer of ice where there
was no light there lived cold resistant
bacteria that had been previously
unknown to science one a frozen ship in
1914 the Imperial trans Antarctic
expedition began its aim was to cross
the icy continent from one side to the
other two ships participated in the
voyage the leader of the expedition was
polar explorer Sir Ernest Shackleton he
was to sail on one of the ships
endurance to the Weddell Sea the second
ship aura was to sail to the Ross Sea
tragically endurance got stuck in the
ice and was crushed part of the group
led by Sir Shackleton crossed the Webb
LC in a lifeboat and then had to trek
across the ice desert to a whaling
station where they could get help
they managed to fulfill this task thanks
to the discipline organisation and
talented command of their leader the
rescue mission returned to pick up the
crew members who had been left behind on
Elephant Island and even though it took
them about 17 months all 28 people
survived and got back to their
motherland endurance though remains
frozen forever in the ice of the white
continent which finding mystified you
the most would you like to visit
Antarctica to see this land with your
own eyes tell us in the comments below
remember to give us a thumbs up if you
liked this video and subscribe to our
Channel you'll have a lot of fun on the
bright side of life
[Music]